hi my name is Tammy Adams and I'd like
to tell you a little bit about the Miche
Bag Miche Bag is an awesome bag where
instead of pulling everything out of
your purse to change to match your
outfit you just change the outer part
which we call the shell the shell is
attached with earth safe magnets on each
side so Earth's safe meaning they're not
gonna harm your credit cards cellphones
the Miche Bag comes in black or brown
with the short straps just like this and
it has several different straps to
choose from as well as many different
shells to choose from a little bit about
the straps the straps are easily removed
as the shells are just by opening up the
little carabiner opening up the little
lever sliding the strap right off so we
have the basic straps which comes in
black or brown we have the chain straps
which is a big seller comes in black and
brown as well and comes right down to
your house a lot of people like that if
you prefer a longer strap we have the
basic long strap Brown in black as well
and when it's over your shoulder comes
right down to your head
and a lot of people prefer just one
strap as opposed to the two straps and
we have what we call a conversion kit
changing converting the straps into a
single step
now the shelves come in two different
styles we have the basic standard shelf
just like this and then we have what we
call the slouchy bag style like and this
actually fits like a little glove
attaches to the earthsave magnet just
like the other shelves and when it's on
the bag it looks totally different same
base just a different type of shelf
gives you pockets on each side so you're
able to put your cellphone your
sunglasses your car keys and it's a
great feature that many women like
now just looking at the Miche Bag you
might say this just really isn't big
enough for me
and I actually thought the same thing
when I first saw it but surprisingly
enough when you open it up and put the
contents in actually we have a little
organizer in this one it's a lot bigger
than it looks
it's on the inside we have pockets which
have the elastic attached to the pockets
so when you put something in the pockets
that it actually stays put we also have
a big zipper pocket on the inside which
is really nice and we also have what we
call the little organizer purse
organizer nothing real fancy but very
handy has a little velcro compartment
which comes in handy extra place for
your credit cards lipsticks pockets on
the side pockets just all over the place
and when you place it in the Misha bag
you're able to just keep everything
contained and in my case I have the
brown and the black base so I'm able to
switch bags just like that
Oh I also brought several of the shelves
with me today just to give you an idea
of the versatility
Michie bag comes out with new shelves
monthly and periodically they retired
the shelves as well so they are always
constantly keeping things new with the
latest styles the latest colors here we
have we have some of the some of the
favorite colors we have the silver
quarry and we have the green stage one
the red le which is popular the black le
with the little buckle we have a new
shell which has a lot of the spring
colors which is really cool this shell
has been a big hit it's actually velvet
and it's really nice we have the popular
zebra Chou it comes in pink green yellow
and turquoise blue that's one of my
favorites and then we have the Joey
which is a really popular show great for
the summer great for the fall and spring
as well another big seller has been
Gemma the giraffe um this this is
probably next to the zebra probably the
biggest seller if you'd like to get more
information go to my website miss me
chicom there you can get my information
how to contact me I'd be happy to answer
any questions you have you can also find
out about events that I'm whole
scene and if you're interested and
hosting a party as well you can find out
information about that and all the great
perks hosting a party I'd like to just
thank you today for taking the time to
go to my website and learn more about
the Miche Bag thanks again